No, just incredible, incredible stuff, but this is going to be so exciting.
Game one. We
have selected Blue side and we have to see what they can get done with it.
He won absolutely a terror on red side throughout this event.
And one of the big questions coming in was what is we's
plan going to be in game number one seeing that they are the underdogs. It already.
We have our answer 100% fakers playing a different champion this time,
this was such a discussion point of would Mid lane be that focus mal
left available, but you have to know R
is available for owner and he has been stellar on it.
There's a lot of options here. Bot
lane focus could be big as well and they're gonna
-- do it right away.
-- And this is the thing.
The Callister has been such incredible priority.
It was something actually used against T one in the JDG series. And I think RNA
Glas is the most important champion for this series as a whole crisp Inc
on the champion Kerry, of course,
debuting it in their very first game in the Swiss stage at
Worlds So this is very, very important,
-- especially to see what the rest of Webos plan
-- is and not only does it deny crisp,
but we've also seen carrier
himself be extremely successful on this carrier,
Renata
uh or uh Renata Calista ra
are incredibly hard to deal with. It will be the
shy going back to the Atrix, which has to have been the main blind pick. But
in game one pulls
out is yone
also
shou we'll be playing the chase, meaning we get that
Malka
chase combo that has terrorized the rift all year.
Yeah, this is going to be incredibly exciting getting the yone
here. Game one in the finals. T one getting spicy already.
-- And how is
-- it? Actually
the yone
P?
That's the
question
because Faker has played, I,
I believe he celebrated his 70th unique champion this year.
Um, people have been talking about fake champion po,
it's a really interesting topic, right?
Because we don't know how much he's been practicing recently,
but I think he's played the most champions professionally
-- out of any other person on the
-- planet.
Exactly. I mean, this guy is the consumer professional. He's such a grinder.
He's been back from his injury quite some time.
You have to give him that respect that he can play everything.
It is going to be such a focus down towards bot lane though.
Now, as T one are the ones blinding their bot lane,
they're gonna be banning away the virus.
The Ash two of those really highly prized picks crisp has been playing more of the
though he's moved towards things like Lux and
Jer when
Renato
was gone. So I'm going to be interesting to see where he actually takes us.
-- I'm
-- also really big fan of the
Bes here from Weibo because we now have, I think owner's best champions all gone.
The R
and the J four at the front, but
also was quite strong and taking that away might put owner in a tough situation.
And he has been the player that improved so much throughout or
red from so
to the world championship putting him in uh in a difficult position,
could be a big win as it is the Ari for Faker.
-- So
-- Faker's Ari coming out and it does immediately make you
think could it be a vie as that last pick?
You know, the, the V Ari
Perry has been so popular throughout the year.
Uh There's also an angle to play like a Poppy or
something like that if we get more dash style champions,
uh coming out from
Webo, but it's gonna be SE
TK just trying to neutralize this bottom line
here
and
this
is
how
it's gonna do.
-- Yeah, this is
-- something that a lot of people have been talking about as well.
The fact that light and crisp can go back to this style
we've seen already that they can play it to great effect.
We'll see what the answer is going to be though, hard engage into the to Kench is, uh,
something that can be a little bit difficult if it is single target.
So maybe not the vie here and maybe it could
be the Poppy for owner will see where he decides
to go. I feel like
could actually be a pretty good answer.
-- All right. Um, well, that is definitely a choice you can
-- make in game number one.
Of course, this is owner's most famous champion by a country mile.
And something that uh for t one was a really big
surprise for me was that when you look at the way that they beat JDG,
it wasn't just with the style of
comps, they actually opted into more team fighting this time around though.
This comp needs to win in the early game. Faker and owner Guma
carry
out. They need to start stacking dragons.
They need to get ahead early because if you get to,
it's a late game. Look at the front to back on Weibo, right?
This is a composition that's really hard to engage into.
And if t would ever lose map control trying to get on to
Makai, trying to take down individual car, uh,
targets against the Kench is going to be
-- extremely difficult
-- when you're second to those objectives with
Makai saplings in every brush, you can be getting poked out by the Jays,
which could be difficult, but both teams lacking a little bit as far as the hard
G goes.
But T one does have the ability to pick people off, you know,
with the lease and with the,
with the re they want to be moving around the map, they want to be pushing out lanes,
catching people in transitions, taking these skirmishes
-- as often as they can and we are just moments away from getting onto the rift.
-- Exactly.
Game number one is upon us.
Of course, he won a lot of finesse possibilities with a composition like this.
But I look at
Webos draft and I think we've seen these styles of draft so many times in the past.
Staying tried and true as we head onto the rift
for our very first game T one coming out swinging and
Weebo, I think ready to pick up that punch.
See exactly how it is going to go.
World's 2023. Game
-- number one.
-- Let's do it
and all I've got to point out it's triple TP for Webo.
Chris is gonna be taking the tee on that Tom Kench.
So feeling that they can't get necessarily get
pressured heavily enough to actually get killed.
If he feels he's gonna get chunked out.
Hey, you tee back early, you know, you keep up that farm as much as you possibly can,
but it's gonna give the advantage in playing
that map because they will have that extra T
bo come mid in lake. It,
another thing here is what is the level one
to be? I think that one of the other really underrated parts of the SAN
-- is how strong the level one is.
-- Exactly right. But just a reminder
to connect your League of Legends account with prime gaming to grab the exclusive
W
mode. And if you haven't done it already by good, I mean, this is
just do it, just do it now.
-- That would be
-- fantastic.
It's a really good
amount
and you saw there as well, no opportunity for,
for
we
to use it at least for now,
although
they
might come through. But I do think that the level one of
Weibo is so strong and they are clearly expecting this. So t one I think very smart not
to
-- opt into this and take the risk in game one of the finals and
-- they were pretty good
at utilizing Tom Kench in that level one play if we remember back to it as well.
So certainly no shenanigans this time around
I
in game number one. That is a good idea f
on his fourth unique champion here for worlds in game number one of the final.
But of course, Ari is one that he's been famous for for many years.
And I think there's gonna be so many eyes on the mid lane because Shau
has not been performing to the level that people were hoping for from him.
You know,
he hasn't been having that incredible tournament but
now here in his first ever world finals,
he's got to step up if it's gonna be, we
win.
Exactly. Well, piercing darkness
coming through there from light.
Not too much.
Just a little bit of a tussle,
a little bit of checking each other on the bottom side
of the map as fake are now trying to push forward.
Shau
just
-- having an OK time here as the chase into
-- the A E
And we'll see, uh if we're going to see Ambre
where we're going to see the early jungle attention.
Because I think for T one obviously,
self-explanatory dragons and Heralds are incredibly important to pick up early,
but there is an opportunity to try and go for these aggressive plays.
I think Weiwei in particular has been really
good about consistently finding bottom line angles.
Uh Although he is currently passing towards, but we'll see how T one can cover for Z
because he is already shoving in.
And if you can get an early kill on the yone, it can really send the behind.
Well, an owner is going to use this to
a right. He's going to win this duel against Weiwei.
So he's just gonna try to get right in his face, push him out.
He knows he has that pushing top lane
and we'll see how this fight does go.
-- Yeah,
-- nice little side step there to avoid the Sonic wave
Weiwei just making sure that he can keep that health
bar high has actually popped the potion there as well.
It's a sapling in the brushes own it just looking to try and
wreak havoc.
-- But
-- look at
Zeus Z
is already moving down.
That's why he starts the camp now because Zeus got the push in. He's gonna come down.
So we we is gonna have to back off.
He could look for the 5050 but he risks putting himself in danger.
So it should be owner grabbing the wolf and they can continue this pressure on.
You can look towards mid now
and show
-- is in trouble.
-- Owner immediately moves over.
There's the flex accuses going to land from Moa
but he decides to not go in under the inner torrent and shau
-- to try and fire
-- back.
This is just great stuff early on here from T one owner,
three camps top moves into the enemy jungle to cover
Zeus on the push then uses
Zeus's pressure to move down.
Steal the wolves rotates over towards mid where faker
has that now into a bots side scuttle.
This is really clean,
really well preplanned play here from T one and
I'm gonna be looking towards how would a jungler
-- is able to punish the
-- elect
of
w is fake against the job.
He's
listen to this guys, but I don't think it's going to be enough
because his
flash, it's already down and first blood goes to
Yahoo
-- and
-- I haven't even finished my center. So Weiwei does.
That exact thing punishes faker for being dead far up in the lane
-- and all they gave up for it was a wolf
-- camp and we said
Yahoo had to have a good series, had to have a good game.
And what better start than a first blood on the Spring
King from the LP L in his first world final.
And you mentioned it already. Chronicler
Xu is a guy that's had a lot of attention from a
lot of fans and already starting to silence some of those doubts,
but it is very,
very early days in this one as we check
out the replay really good popping here from Weiwei.
Yeah, this is just great from Weiwei just wraps around, you know,
did skip that top side scuttle and I think
Ficker potentially thought he was actually over on.
It just comes right down pass immediately.
There is not gonna be able to get out as faker committed.
The flash for that trade earlier on Yahoo.
And if you think back to the spring final or summer finals,
rather that t one wasn't able to win,
it was in large part because
Jenji identified if you get Fager off of some of his conference
champions and you put him down early by a lot of repeated jungle attention.
It can be a viable way to get an early to mid game lead against
Ian and we've seen that they can struggle in
that situation and particularly with draft like this,
you need to win, you can't try and uh kind of go through the middle, you know, maybe
-- pick up a Dragon or two. No, you need to be able to dominate from the Get Go. And
-- Ari pre
six is one of those champions that you really can take advantage of.
You know, that is why a year was so key 41 in their playoff run.
And Wei Wei, it's interesting to note that it was that first
GK in towards mid, you know, he has been so
heavily prioritizing these box side
GKS throughout worlds
in the LP L.
It was much more about playing towards the shy, but at worlds,
it has been about playing towards Chris playing towards light
and I really wanted to see what his game plan was gonna
be coming into worlds because clearly t one movie prep for that.
-- Well,
-- owner gonna clear out some vision as you can see Control Ward in the Drake pit.
First one going to be a Kench
Drake and owner is going to very happily join
carrier as they look to take this one down.
So at about six minutes into the game,
we will have our very first dragon Baker coming on over,
not gonna be able to steal anything away,
just getting some information here for T one.
So they will be able to secure this dragon.
So that is one of the steps that they have taken here
still,
they're gonna need those big advantages like you guys were
talking about in order to make this one work.
Looking here towards the bottom side, Gui
has a huge advantage over the Tom Kench.
But something that you would expect,
-- it's not necessarily a lane you can really judge on
-- C si mean,
you can see it in both top and bot
lane though. You know, these CS differences obviously is the Tom Ken
versus that Calista not comparing it with the center, uh,
but both top and bot
significant CS advantages
already here. 41 mid, slightly favored towards faker.
Despite the death,
they are out farming their opponents and that's why they're still at
this slight amount of goal despite giving up that first blood.
-- And this is
-- something we
was also able to do. Uh
the
shy specifically against been,
was able to use the fact that the matchup was isolated to push really heavily for
Big CS leads and then take those leads into mid game fights and carry them.
-- And when we talk
-- about com
that are relying on these early game advantages.
One of the ways you can do it is just by stacking dragons, you're playing Calista,
you're gonna have f side pressure even if you can't establish a massive goal lead.
If you take these early dragons and put the pressure of that soul on your opponents,
you circumvent a lot of the weaknesses and hard engage
that your composition has you draw your opponents to you,
you force them to challenge you at these dragons where you are gonna be
set up for that fight where you are gonna be in the advantage.
Alright, now it is just a bit of trading in lanes where we're gonna go home,
collect himself, uh, a book and a control ward.
Try to get back to it as Chris the tongue lash,
it hurts a whole lot more.
Uh I feel like when uh you've got him sitting in a lane by himself for quite some time,
but he's actually still just level five, same as everybody else
and
Gushi still playing aggressively, not able to land too many of these pierces as
uh Zeus's soul is relatively unbound as he
just keeps shoving these weights relentlessly into the
Shire's turret.
First plate has gone down already here for T one like you were mentioning as they
are playing into the advantages in gold that has now ticked up to about 500.
And my expectation is that T one is going to use this top lane prior
to secure Harold without too much difficulty. Faker. Almost we
flash available.
Xu
already has his. But with this
ax being Perma pushed in,
it should make the set up 41 around this objective pretty easy.
And they have also already rotated over Guma
Yushi and Kara.
So they are going to secure this.
Then my question becomes,
where are they going to throw it down because
the two obvious solutions to me would be either
Zeus or Guma.
Obviously Guma already massively far ahead. But a yone
in a side lane I think is one of the
biggest things that Weibo might not be able to answer.
I
think it should go towards
Zeus. He already has the push.
This is one of these hyperscale top laner that he already has the early push.
You can harass those towers, harass the A
rocks with the soul unbound and you get him that big gold lead.
This guy can make miracles happen in a five V five
-- Z has been simply incredible throughout the world championship.
-- Certainly has.
-- And now Baker
-- is gonna dash in fights. The
chal
on to the Tom
C
fake has to get out of there though.
the hostile takeover gets so much work done. The
De Denver that kills them.
Oh, no,
it's B
dashes forward once again.
-- But it looks like they'll have to settle for one and a Herald
-- and
Webo, they see that T one is at the Herald.
They rotate over and I think they try to recuperate,
but that's uh song gonna cause fallacy because they just walk up.
T one finds the angle and Webo
-- give up the Herald and kill
-- Exactly.
And maybe gonna lose some form down on bots side as well. Cos Chris has no TV. But
Natures
Cross
comes in, he gets pulled back. He's interrupted from the ultimate, he
does get a knock up there and a shield,
but I think he's still dead and there it is the answering kill from the shwa
-- able to punch
-- back on the top side.
You can see owner hanging around that bottom side, potentially threatening as Guma
and carry are going to push it in already have taken a plate themselves down there.
But great he back on the top side does help to equalize the gold there for the shot.
-- Yeah, go
-- now actually completely fine.
The shot might even be able to pick up played as well. And crucially,
Zais
doesn't have TP so actually is going to lose out on this wave,
unlike Faker when he was ganged earlier, who
is TP back to the lane not going to be the case here.
And that is the second time that Weibo, the initial play might not work,
but Weiwei pulls it back.
Exactly. And
just couldn't use that ultimate quite fast enough, you know.
So we we was able to get ahead of him blocks the Al T and then from that point, Ze
says, you know what, I'm dead either way. So I'm gonna hold on to the flash, but
it is an unfortunate death for him as he had so much pressure on top side,
so much tempo and a lot of that is gonna be lost now but
not lost in the mid lane where Faker has continued to push in.
Continued this relentless aggression here despite being that first death,
even though he did pull down first up faker is
pretty good at bouncing back from uh initial deaths.
The global taunt that he's had for the last 10 years
seems to be the thing,
the most GED
-- man of all time, I
-- think it's probably true,
but also he's played lot like the most games
out of anyone else uh that still plays currently.
So,
um it's, it's a, it's a weird stat uh to go towards bottom side of the map,
we do see a reset coming through here for
Gushi and
Krier.
Not quite towards the first item yet for the Calista,
which would be pretty important for the next fight coming up,
-- see what they can get
-- for themselves.
Yeah, you see as well already,
Weibo is moving up the second Drake I think is really pivotal.
Uh There are a lot of good tricks still available for T one. No
C tech uh Dragon in particular.
What Drake? It's gonna be, it's T one,
it's cloud, it's got to be the cloud.
They've got the most cloud.
You don't want them to have clouds. So,
uh particularly not with the amount of ability on the team. So I think that
Weibo is going to try and contest there,
but T one still are the ones with control of their pots.
Side pro
is now being found by light and crisp Harold being
placed down just in mid lane to try and pressure
Webo out and get a quick move into the river.
It's going to mean that that dragon should belong to
T one if they can get control with it.
F
it sticking around for the cash
and we will be able to gather it here.
All the deception gonna go wide and it looks like F
is not gonna stick around for another plate
as we, we
gone for reset, they're gonna give up the second Drake as well.
-- Yeah,
-- I think there's just no real angle for them to contest from this point.
Owner dropped the Herald Mid, they get
there, they reestablished Ryo down on that bottom.
I move up through the river
and with Carrie Guma,
it's such a strong point early on in the game,
it is gonna be cloud
salt.
-- It's
-- not a question mark. I uh I did tell you, I, I informed you, I didn't
-- pose a question. Well,
-- Atlas, I, I always want to believe
that you're right about dragons
and the guys are clouds. I gotta say you often are.
-- And
-- do you know who was actually the one that
told me that my love of clouds was actually OK.
It was uh it was
Azal as Chris is taking some damage here towards the bottom side.
-- It's all
-- I've always been a cloud believer. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Move speed turns out pretty good. Uh
It's a pretty good step and Isaiah is
not going to uh he's actually gonna utilize some
move speed to move out of the infernal chains.
Look at that
proving your point immediately. A
our owner is here though. It's going to be a two B two Z
-- taking a bit of damage as the queue comes down to
-- E
the
ti he
gra
but look at the knock up the kick back. We, we punches him out of
hole.
Shadow
play
through to help get the kill on to
ZZ. It looked good for T one and
-- Webos struck back and light saves
-- the play. T
one made the call before Zeus is back to all in on
silly
the Malka
just finished his demonic embrace. Weiwei is able to stay alive.
Life keeps him there and a big win for Weibo,
-- they thought they
-- could punish the missing flash that had been
spent as Kerry are looking for an angle won't find it.
They wanted to be able to burst him down. Faker
-- does
-- come through fox fire coming down,
but they do have to invest the ultimate faker
now not gonna have that for the next play.
And that's what Shau
wanted.
I
want to see now
the shot
getting more and more ahead.
Now in that top lane has taken a couple of places
does have to kill in the assist for Drinker completed.
Tier two boots done
says with that big farm lead is still keeping things relatively even.
But both those scraps on the top side have gone way
way.
And again,
we wait to me has been the crucial factory 100% co participation thus
far able to make sure that t one doesn't get that momentum.
No, I don't think that
one particularly with the dragon stacking is necessarily in grave danger,
but this means that the gold stays on parity that Weibo still gets to scale
into that mid to late game where it can be incredibly impressive to into as the
shi might be getting
GED.
-- Yeah,
-- Kerry is gonna move on up here as
Z
is gonna break those chains.
-- Kerry is looking for that
-- handshake angle as already the
shi has done a fair bit of damage but I
don't think it is going to be enough as it's
-- Alco gaming
-- for the shy and he will go down owner
-- that kill
-- owner.
Nice kill on the top side if two doesn't work, bring three,
bring another guy car on the room up to
top side wasn't really expected. I think
to be up there.
The sh thought he was going to be safe but now dieing there
with no TP does mean there's gonna be a pretty big push.
You can see Guma, of course you have to carry, compare that with Chris
brings him back in with the twisted advances, the kick back as well as we
we gets out the punch and now show
coming on it
down and no bail out for you lights in a bit of trouble, but the J
is not gonna get it done because Crisp is there with the den,
the denial with the devour
-- and he won't have to run away. What a
-- play from Webo
and continuously they are getting out skirmish.
We
we
should be able to get the execute here
so nothing given up
and Webo
walk away. Victoria
again. We
has just had such an incredible journey as a player.
You know, this guy first starting on V five came in with them, played with BLG.
And since joining
Webo has made such a difference with this team has really transformed,
the team has such good pressure in the early stages and him getting going early
always spells good things for this team
certainly does. Let's have a look at the play one more time.
And as we look here, initially, it looks like t one wants to back off the way
goes very far back, but then crucially
barely stays alive, right?
And with him getting away, there is no bailout value for owner.
And the fact that faker t he's in doesn't matter
-- because Chris is standing at the ready with
-- Theo.
Chris was there and light with some nice little sidesteps.
Don't think the charm would have mattered even if
it landed because Chris was right behind him,
but
well played on the sidestep.
Nonetheless, he won though continually going towards these objectives,
they know they need to keep pushing the pace and Webo here looking to challenge
and
nice shot blast is going to soften up T one just a little bit here. Four versus three.
In this moment, the F
is wrapping around from the top side of the fight. The
shi pretty far away from this one and
-- Zeus is moving in, gets
-- over the wall.
There's the old,
-- it's going to be dodge as he gets himself out of there
-- with the unbound soul and T one,
-- they are gonna be able to secure the Herald forces the
-- flash from
light and they get the Herald really nicely done from T one.
That is what has been going their way all game long.
And now I'm wondering, can t one also get themselves to this dragon in time?
I think just have enough time to still get the backs in, make their way,
spend their money and then try and set up this sole point very early on.
Because while when it comes to Gold
Webo has been able to stay very relevant,
if T
one picked this up,
they will have got every single objective thus far and it will
at the very least force Weibo to maybe make some tough decisions.
Once say is in the sideline becomes hard to deal with because I
-- wouldn't be surprised if he ends up going for whole breaker
-- again.
And this is such an early sole point that they will be moving to the third dragon here.
If they can get it around 17, 17.5 minutes into the game
and threatening that 22 23 minutes soul would be a really tough spot here for
Webo. So they have to get mid lane control.
They have to be able to push this out then move into the river.
They want to be first to the scene. You can see we, we trying to keep these
down and ra
one as they try to move in. But in the bot lane, it's Zeus with the push there.
And if he can get prior down to that Bo
side, they can potentially set up a flank from multiple angles.
Owner should be able to put the Herald down here as well to help them get that mid,
get towards that dragon. But you can see we
don't want to give up the river right now.
Weiwei
just standing stalwart.
The sh
is going to turn up charm is going to connect,
but faker probably not wanting to go in on that one.
If you're gonna connect from owner and Ti One just keeping up this pressure
allowing
HBO
to move into that river knowing they have Zeus very close
to that bottom wave to keep pressure in the lane.
Exactly is threatened. Moving up. He went, just did the gram.
Now he's down back towards that bottom lane, pushing that out.
So forcing the response from the shy
you want are happy in this stalemate.
Position right now, they still have the Herald to work with. So if we
over commit towards the dragon,
they can just drop Harold mid and guarantee that's your one.
-- He is going to
-- miss the handshake, but the cue is gonna land from ona.
We, we
could avoid it with a twisted advance on not going to go in as he ever cross,
he gets the devour
Gushi, getting himself out of there and
utilizing his ultimate to save carrier as well.
-- But that is so many cool downs
-- and now we
started off the Drake. We
might be looking to go for it. They've
also used a number of cool thumbs themselves, most notably the Shy and
Weber's ultimate. We'll see if T one tries to go for an alternative play.
Just push mid, but it looks like
-- Weel isn't even gonna give them the
-- opportunity as, oh
no
man
to keep flash
show
who's gonna be pushed into
big of the flash ball. But the charm he's going to miss what?
He
doesn't let it show,
just walks it off.
No worries there at all. As crisp is under the turret they throw to
Ar
Butan
has found two with the ultimate light goes down so low, but isn't going to
five Weiwei trying to get himself out of there and the shy is given
up on Weiwei running the wrong direction but they at least get the dragon
Weibo, get the dragon but t one get the kill. Shau
lucky to get out of that one. But Weiwei, he's going home in the body bag.
That is the final kill there from owner
and that is the first fight that t one have won.
But they've lost that dragon stacking that
you were talking about earlier chronicler.
And so we'll see whether they can grab that next one and keep this level of
pressure up because 2.3000 gold is that enough
-- of a lead for this early game
-- composition.
And there is a reason why owners Lee has been fixed.
And the funniest part to me is this play doesn't even matter because Shau
actually is able to walk it up.
Another miraculous survival faker doesn't get the chase because of Chris.
But then it's Zeus
-- who got put down in lane that makes the hero play
-- exactly comes in on the other side.
There's no devour because Chris was over saving his mid,
trying to defend there. So light is left vulnerable and light is punished big time.
T one getting that major gold injection.
And, and you can see a lot of these towers that they've been pressing.
If you look on live faker taking down that top tier one,
a lot of these turrets have been getting lower
and lower from this T one lane dominance.
-- Yeah, you can
-- see there's a lot of relief on Tom's face there as well
hoping that t one can get this mid game sorted out.
Owner stealing away some raptors, full vision given over to
Webo 3.5 minutes on the clock when it comes to
the uh Drake. As in goes,
Zaius
Shou
just uh bots him away and owner is gonna come through as well. Shahu
in still a lot of trouble.
Safeguard comes in. Shau
-- moving
-- away from the lease
to the skies, comes down. The devourer is there.
It was crisp coming forward and he saves his mid line
up. But that is
-- lot invested. That's
-- the problem is that even though Xu
makes it out alive,
crisp uses TP and they're not even going to be able to save deterrent.
So even though
isn't able to actually clip
Xiao
who he sidesteps the ultimate,
it's still a big win and the whole breaker is in fact
done and it makes him such a menace in the sideline.
-- Exactly.
-- It's incredibly difficult to deal with them.
They become incredibly tanky and one of the most underrated parts
about this is how tan it actually makes the Canon minions.
They become very difficult to actually wave clear out a lot,
-- be
-- in a bit of trouble here as Chris looks for it,
the immediate cleanse does get out of the way.
-- Nature's
-- cross isn't gonna connect, but there is the twisted even hostile
takeover across everyone over the shy. It's just gigantic gua
trying to hop away, defeats all the knock
ups. And meanwhile, we
we
is going down Baker collects it before bowling down.
Chris has to go though because he's so incredibly low
and say
is tearing them to shreds.
We
O LA
oh,
now is t one look to tidy up Chris and
they won that team fight even better than the loss.
-- Guma refuses to
-- go down.
Kia saves him. Coming in with a
-- will take over a T one. They're on
-- the Baron and it's Renada
-- that
-- does it again. Kia
standing at the ready keeps Guma
alive throughout all of it.
And T one, the goal before this was even Weel
picked up the dragon. But after this fight,
multiple goal, uh kills going over the T one barn secured
and it looks like the first game might have
been broken open the early get comp getting it done
and here is the replay. We'll see how it all started. It looked like a pick on the
-- Gushi. It
-- did but it just took them so long to actually get to him.
You can see everyone from T one is coming as fast as they possibly can.
And all the time that was bought here by Guma
allows them to arrive,
allows the hostile takeover here hitting across multiple members.
Light is forced to even flash out just trying to avoid it.
But owner knocks him down, Guma
dances out using that ultimate
with carry as hell to peel them off.
And we're seeing one of the big issues with the
Sana is that if you're playing a front to back,
Sana feels almost impossible to deal with, particularly with Ken.
It's really hard to take people down to get through the front line, the K
backs. Amazing. But if you get caught, particularly by something like Ali,
you don't get to play the game
and also they weren't playing front to back League of Legends. It was
a
entirely with the fact that the shi
goes in is in the middle and it felt fantastic, right? It was a bit of a split there from
Webo with their decision making moving forward.
It could mean that they could adjust that,
moving into the next team fight and really show what this composition can do.
And the tough thing for Webo is, is,
it felt like so many things did go well for them
in the early stages though skirmishes were working for them.
But when T one hit T one hit way harder
and they have gotten so much out of these last couple of plays,
they're gonna try to take a tier one top.
-- A figure is looking for a gauge spot.
-- Yeah. Looking for even more
pro
-- who's going to land
-- somehow.
That charm didn't connect,
-- but it is still going to gather
-- a devour from over the wall from Crisp
Twan will settle for this in A T
and this is where the earlier Drake from
Webo is gonna feel like a miracle in the sky, right?
If they didn't have, that would be just as soul
in addition to all the turrets that are there. 41 now.
Sure. Uh, they're not gonna have to solve. You still have five minutes of time.
It's not looking great,
but at the very least they'll have one
more opportunity to try and get something going.
My main issue is particularly with
Zeus now,
completely back in the game and sitting on a pretty ludicrous gold advantage.
Uh
three K
-- in the side line, it's gotta be
-- untouched.
I mean, even in the team fight, he just finished an IE, he's got three full items. Now
the
shai just finishes Derek's second.
And when you have the IE and you can talk
about not wanting a team fight with a whole breaker.
But when you've got an IE and a cr and
you can one hit the back line,
this becomes incredibly hard to actually fight against this guy.
So if T one can execute on those 55 as they have been doing all tournament long,
we saw it showcased against JDG against the world's best in that five B five stage
that it's gonna be tough for way.
Look at
Kia
dancing forward, but like you say,
KA L
in the side line,
we
just trying to deal with these many ways not wanting
to give up more than they can afford to lose.
T one just gonna gather themselves a little bit of extra standing goal in a tart,
not exactly the end of the world,
but it's all just more money here for the coffers of T one.
The shock blast starting to land a little bit lands on a fake of there.
But they're gonna need more of those. If they want to stop the pressure,
the shock blasts do hurt. But T one is just playing so intelligently around this.
They dropped that pink or a mid
Z is playing very far back because no one is answering top.
You know, as T one,
the only recourse in this game we will have is to overload one side of the map.
Get a three
V one, get a two V one, get a pick kill, then attack the rest of the T one squad. So
until they show top, there's no reason for Z
to walk up, he just plays it so far back, plays it calm,
cool and collected and allows his team to
get those incremental advantages up in top lane.
-- And
-- this is now turned into an 8000 gold lead,
the rebel Baron power play just kind of gigantic given the fact
that it was relatively close for a lot of this game.
So
do really like to break open games,
especially in the past when they were at their most.
Do
definitely a good sign if you are a T one fan
and Weebo well and truly on the ropes here at this stage of the game.
And for Webo. Now you're gonna either have to have someone on T one over.
It sounds like you were saying
Azel, I do think it has to be someone else because Killing Zay
is when he is flash, he breaker on ie is going to be such an incredibly difficult task.
But then look at what the rest of ti one is doing. No one is actually
segmented themselves off from the rest. They're always working in tandem.
Exactly. You know, you win the 44 and you win the one B one. So as long as you have eyes on
Weibo,
you are chilling, you just
make sure you're not getting poked out too heavily.
It's
gonna be
like
Baker waiting over the wall,
wants to land that charm to start this fight potentially, but no HBO
just back away,
not wanting to take a fight unless it is far more within their favor.
And with more information
and that is a very difficult thing to gather here in this game.
You talk about saplings, things like that. All these opportunities.
If you can't walk out of your base, they
-- do a whole lot of good
-- does get very difficult.
The very least you can use that to clear out brushes to move forward,
try to reclaim some vision as they're going to do.
Now knowing that ti one is on the reset, they will try to deny some of this vision,
but the death cap is going to be here soon for Baker,
you can see wits end gonna be pretty soon as well for Guma,
these third items are gonna be coming through when the G A comes in for owner as well.
Ti one are just trying to get as prepared as possible for the soul or for
-- this baron where they are really going to look to dominate and really
-- nicely done.
Shown by our observe
here is how little we
know.
Well,
obviously they have a suspicion that one is going to
be somewhere in the jungle and they can scout with
slings, but actually retaking control becomes incredibly difficult.
And right now
it's still fun, but in 40 seconds, the Baron is coming up and we
will be faced with one of two choices.
I just try to hard force your way in and like flash engage with
Weiwei onto someone of T one.
But if they don't give you the opportunity,
you're gonna have to try and fight up a straight fight.
-- And
-- one of the biggest problems with that
is when you're approaching Baron from blue side,
you
for a perfect carry, ultimate right?
You know, you all try to flash in, try to go for that engage.
If you're trying to follow up on
Weiwei's play,
there's going to be a hostile takeover coming through your entire team. So
the difficulty is extremely high for we
from this position
-- also
-- really difficult to lock down.
Zeus is if he, if he's only trading with that unbound soul available.
You see, Sha who comes down, that gives t one the idea
that they are too invested towards that bottom side. That pressure from
Zeus pretty clearly illustrated in that moment
and look at the Adam spikes wits and done for
Guma. No D
kept for Faker
G A for owner
and on Webo site,
two item and power spikes have been hit but don't know if that's gonna be enough. Shau
though does have his surreal dust done. Maybe that can give them the Pope.
They need to contest this baron, but it looks like it just isn't sticking.
I mean, it feels like it's just basically all of the shahu
from this position.
He needs to be able to hit shock glass on key members that can't deal them up,
which is basically just Baker.
Yeah.
-- Going aggressive.
-- There's the kick flash once again, we, we is gonna flash
to,
to get himself back. There's the
nature's grasp as well as owner's gonna have to get out of there.
So they've got, here's enough of a shield, the dawning shadow,
not quite there with the damage
and T one they tried something.
-- They're not gonna get any kills but they get the flash
-- from the
-- jungler and T
-- one don't even have to give up owner's G A.
Right.
He could play that aggressive knowing that he still has a G A available as, oh,
he might have a flank here.
Oh carrier. Ok. Looking for that angle.
I know going to face check and then he just saw him
out of the brush.
Not quite
enough. The
Chlo comes in eventually, but that is going to put enough beer into we
and, uh,
yeah, like three
cloud
Drake.
Yeah,
I mean, he is just gonna kill that thing so fast.
They're gonna start Baron at the same time.
They're just gonna start it up.
I think at this point, t one feels that they can do everything at once.
And
Weebo, you've got to make a stand. Now.
There's just no way from this position, you can give up a free Baron.
Well, way,
way is in the vicinity, but the rest of the team is still making their way over.
The shy does have teleport but they have no information. They have no vision.
This Baron is gone.
This can
-- walk
-- up.
There's not really anything.
Yeah, looking for the angle. It's not exactly behind Shau,
but he's pretty fast
as Sha's
gonna avoid the charm for now.
Cla connects on to FICA
there as well.
He's still gonna look for that reset angle. And now with the Baron
in tow.
T one feel like they don't need a reset,
try and break open the face of Webo here in game one of the Finals
-- Nature's
-- grass flying forward. Ona
still has that G eight
Chris going down. So incredibly, Lu
just executes the
cha
off to the side and there is another one, this guy's yone
is just absurd
and he
is going to go down, Wei Wei
is burning there as well as now Shah
who tries to be the hero, but it does not work out.
-- And I think t one are just gonna end game one here and
-- the
early game t one not able to get a bunch of crucial kills,
but they don't let it face them.
They are able to find the one skirmish they're looking for,
-- take the Baron and from that point on Weibo doesn't get to fight
-- back.
And now one and zero here
in the world final.
T one on the red side as well,
going to be able to walk away victorious.
-- It was an early
-- game composition and it was executed very well,
but I felt like there were angles for Webo to go back
-- and try and rack on and figure it out for game
-- two.
It is tough. Right.